README.md, before:

# Office-Addin-TaskPane-React

This repository contains the source code used by the [Yo Office generator](https://github.com/OfficeDev/generator-office) when you create a new Office Add-in that appears in the task pane. You can also use this repository as a sample to base your own project from if you choose not to use the generator.

## TypeScript

This template is written using [TypeScript](http://www.typescriptlang.org/). For the JavaScript version of this template, go to [Office-Addin-TaskPane-React-JS](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Addin-TaskPane-React-JS).

## Debugging

This template supports debugging using any of the following techniques:

- [Use a browser's developer tools](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/debug-add-ins-in-office-online)
- [Attach a debugger from the task pane](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/attach-debugger-from-task-pane)
- [Use F12 developer tools on Windows 10](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/debug-add-ins-using-f12-developer-tools-on-windows-10)

## Questions and comments

We'd love to get your feedback about this sample. You can send your feedback to us in the *Issues* section of this repository.

Questions about Office Add-ins development in general should be posted to [Microsoft Q&A](https://learn.microsoft.com/answers/questions/185087/questions-about-office-add-ins.html). If your question is about the Office JavaScript APIs, make sure it's tagged with [office-js-dev].

## Join the Microsoft 365 Developer Program

Get a free sandbox, tools, and other resources you need to build solutions for the Microsoft 365 platform.

- [Free developer sandbox](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/dev-program#Subscription) Get a free, renewable 90-day Microsoft 365 E5 developer subscription.
- [Sample data packs](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/dev-program#Sample) Automatically configure your sandbox by installing user data and content to help you build your solutions.
- [Access to experts](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/dev-program#Experts) Access community events to learn from Microsoft 365 experts.
- [Personalized recommendations](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/dev-program#Recommendations) Find developer resources quickly from your personalized dashboard.

## Additional resources

- [Office Add-ins documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/overview/office-add-ins)
- More Office Add-ins samples at [OfficeDev on Github](https://github.com/officedev)

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information, see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Copyright

Copyright (c) 2021 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

Commit message:

Update messaging for M365 Developer Program (#144)

README.md, after:

# Office-Addin-TaskPane-React

This repository contains the source code used by the [Yo Office generator](https://github.com/OfficeDev/generator-office) when you create a new Office Add-in that appears in the task pane. You can also use this repository as a sample to base your own project from if you choose not to use the generator.

## TypeScript

This template is written using [TypeScript](http://www.typescriptlang.org/). For the JavaScript version of this template, go to [Office-Addin-TaskPane-React-JS](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Addin-TaskPane-React-JS).

## Debugging

This template supports debugging using any of the following techniques:

- [Use a browser's developer tools](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/debug-add-ins-in-office-online)
- [Attach a debugger from the task pane](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/attach-debugger-from-task-pane)
- [Use F12 developer tools on Windows 10](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/debug-add-ins-using-f12-developer-tools-on-windows-10)

## Questions and comments

We'd love to get your feedback about this sample. You can send your feedback to us in the *Issues* section of this repository.

Questions about Office Add-ins development in general should be posted to [Microsoft Q&A](https://learn.microsoft.com/answers/questions/185087/questions-about-office-add-ins.html). If your question is about the Office JavaScript APIs, make sure it's tagged with [office-js-dev].

## Join the Microsoft 365 Developer Program

Join the [Microsoft 365 Developer Program](https://aka.ms/m365devprogram) to get resources and information to help you build solutions for the Microsoft 365 platform, including recommendations tailored to your areas of interest.

You might also qualify for a free developer subscription that's renewable for 90 days and comes configured with sample data; for details, see the [FAQ](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/developer-program/microsoft-365-developer-program-faq#who-qualifies-for-a-microsoft-365-e5-developer-subscription-).

## Additional resources

- [Office Add-ins documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/overview/office-add-ins)
- More Office Add-ins samples at [OfficeDev on Github](https://github.com/officedev)

This project has adopted the [Microsoft Open Source Code of Conduct](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/). For more information, see the [Code of Conduct FAQ](https://opensource.microsoft.com/codeofconduct/faq/) or contact [opencode@microsoft.com](mailto:opencode@microsoft.com) with any additional questions or comments.

## Copyright

Copyright (c) 2021 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
